README.md, before:

# abledecoder

Decrypts Ableton DRM-protected `*.aif` files

## Installation

This works on *nix like systems. Replace `apt` by your package provider and it should work. On Windows the easiest way to make this work is using Ubuntu Subsystem (TODO doc).

Install dependencies, then run the build file.

```bash
# Installs gcc, make, etc.
sudo apt install build-essential

# Installs libssl for crypto functions
sudo apt install libssl-dev

# Runs the build script
./build.sh
```

The build script might fail with this error:

```
/usr/bin/ld: AbleChunk.o: in function `AbleChunk::decryptKey(Array<unsigned char> const&)':
/home/alex/Projects/abledecoder/AbleChunk.cpp:24: undefined reference to `EVP_CIPHER_CTX_new'
/usr/bin/ld: /home/alex/Projects/abledecoder/AbleChunk.cpp:26: undefined reference to `EVP_bf_cbc'
...
```

Then change the [library linker flags order](https://stackoverflow.com/a/56658568) in the build script, placing `-lcrypto -lssl` at the end of the compiling command (see comment in build.sh).

## Usage

```bash
# Runs the abledecoder
./abledecoder myaiffile.aif myaifile-decoded.aif

# Runs the abledecoder on a hierrachy of folder
./rabledecoder myaiffolder myaiffolder-decoded
```

Commit message:

Add util files for aif conversion and m3u copy

README.md, after:

# abledecoder

Decrypts Ableton DRM-protected `*.aif` files

## Installation

This works on `*nix` like systems. Replace `apt` by your package provider and it should work. On Windows the easiest way to make this work is using Ubuntu Subsystem (TODO doc).

Install dependencies, then run the build file.

```bash
# Installs gcc, make, etc.
sudo apt install build-essential

# Installs libssl for crypto functions
sudo apt install libssl-dev

# Runs the build script
./build.sh
```

The build script might fail with this error:

```
/usr/bin/ld: AbleChunk.o: in function `AbleChunk::decryptKey(Array<unsigned char> const&)':
/home/alex/Projects/abledecoder/AbleChunk.cpp:24: undefined reference to `EVP_CIPHER_CTX_new'
/usr/bin/ld: /home/alex/Projects/abledecoder/AbleChunk.cpp:26: undefined reference to `EVP_bf_cbc'
...
```

Then change the [library linker flags order](https://stackoverflow.com/a/56658568) in the build script, placing `-lcrypto -lssl` at the end of the compiling command (see comment in build.sh).

## Usage

```bash
# Runs the abledecoder
./abledecoder my-aif-file.aif my-aif-file-decoded.aif

# Runs the abledecoder on a hierrachy of folder
./rabledecoder my-aif-folder my-aif-folder-decoded
```

If you want to convert the aif to wav (requires `ffmpeg`), will create `.wav` files along the `.aif` files:

```bash
./aif_to_wav my-aif-folder-decoded
```

You can then listen to the wav, make a selection, and save as m3u playlist, then execute the m3u playlist:

```bash
./m3u_copy my-m3u-playlist.m3u my-destination-folder
```bash
